{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx3080\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs12 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx3080\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 Features
\f1\b0 \
Dilo looks up words at web dictionaries and shows the English/French/Spanish or German translation of that word. It is kind of comparable to "Babylon"\'ae for Windows\'ae, but uses a public web-dictionary instead of having a local one.\
\
Dilo is basically concentrated on the German language, i.e. all translation are from/to German. Specifically, there is no translation e.g. between French and English or English and Spanish.\
\
Dilo uses the following websites for the translation:\
\
\'95 German <-> English/Spanish/French/Italian/Portuguese: LEO ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dict.leo.org/"}}{\fldrslt http://dict.leo.org/}})\
\
You can start up Dilo directly and enter something into the search field to search for 
\f0\b or
\f1\b0  you can call it through the services menu "Define in Dilo".\
\
Also you can copy a text in another application and just start Dilo. Dilo will then automatically check for the text from the pasteboard if it is not called as a Service and if you have checked this feature in the preferences.\
\
It doesn't matter whether you are searching for an English/French/Spanish/Italian/Portuguese description of a German word or vice versa. Just select the word in the editor you are using, choose "Services->Define <Language> in Dilo" and that's it.\
\

\f0\b Known issues\

\f1\b0 \
\'95 If Dilo cannot connect to the website, it starts an endless loop. The only way to stop is Force-Quit it.\
\'95 When you switch between the languages, Dilo doesn't automatically translate into the new language (could work for German only anyway, therefore this is rather a feature than a bug :-)\
\
Dilo is free software, you can use it or you can leave it. But don't bother me, please ;-)\
\
Now to the disclaimer: \
\
\pard\tx0\tx1120\tx2240\tx3360\tx4480\tx5600\tx6720\tx7840\tx8960\tx10080\tx11200\tx12320\tx13440\tx14560\tx15680\tx16800\tx17920\tx19040\tx20160\tx21280\tx22400\tx23520\tx24640\tx25760\tx26880\tx28000\tx29120\tx30240\tx31360\tx32480\tx33600\tx34720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.\

\f0\b \

\f1\b0 IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
\f0\b \
}